Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(gentle upbeat music)
♪
(phone rings)
Hello?
Jillian:
You almost here?
Moments away.
Hold on. I'm sending
you something.
(phone chimes)
Huh.
You read through
the article?
Sure did.
The data's flawed.
plain and simple.
And did you see
their source?
I know. one of
our competitors.
Listen. I'm almost there.
so let's debrief on
this when I get in.
Oh. and I have news.
What kind of news?
I'll tell you about
it in person.
Okay. but is it
good or bad?
I can't tell
from your voice.
and you know I can't
handle the suspense.
(laughs) It's good.
really good.
Oh!
(gentle upbeat music)
♪
Good morning!
-
Good morning.
Hey.
-So-
This news you mentioned.
-
Hey. good weekend?
Yeah. it was
really good.
Yeah. me too.
me too.
I had a couple
friends over.
a little D&D.
You know how it goes.
Oh. it sounds fun.
You'll have to tell us
more about it at lunch.
Ah. I will.
Zoe:
First thing's first.
Apparently. LoveZoo's app
only works 40% of the time
but I don't know why she
had to lump us all together
and say that
dating apps can't-
What did she say?
Uh...
"Dating apps can't
reboot your love life".
Gotta get those
clicks somehow.
(sighs) I know. but
our algorithm is good.
And according to the stats.
2 1/2 times as good.
We should just call
this journalist
and give her our
projected numbers.
Not yet.
We can't share our data
until we go public.
and we can't go public until
we get an investor on board.
Which reminds me.
(gasps) Finally. the news!
What is it?
Guess who wants
to meet with us?
No.
Yes!
(both screaming)
We've been trying to get her
in a room for three months.
This is huge.
but why now?
Her assistant said that
she wanted to broaden
her investment portfolio.
Zo!
I know!
(both squeal and hum)
Wait. when's the meeting?
Okay. that's the fun part.
The only open time slot
she had was in an hour.
(laughs) In an
hour from now?
(laughs) You ready to
practice your pitch in the car?
Zo. please. as your COO.
I have had this pitch
memorized for months.
You can never be
too prepared.
Okay. okay.
Oh. can't forget these!
(upbeat music)
Oliver:
Yeah. I think we can manago
get a lot more colour in h.
Not to intrude on the
artist's process too much.
but could we include
some orchids?
Absolutely.
We can customize it
however you'd like.
That's part of my process.
So once we get the
rest of this hung.
I'll go back.
I'll work on the
design a bit more.
and send it over to you.
Perfect.
Great.
You know. I've been a big
fan of your botanical art
ever since a friend of mine
commissioned a piece from you.
It's stunning.
Oh. yeah?
What-what piece?
It's this gargantuan green
wall covered in violas.
Oh. the one with the
water feature on the side?
I love that piece.
And your friend was
great to work with.
Ms. Lee:
Actually. she's the person
who gave me your phone num.
You know. the number
on your website
goes to a
Shannon Harris. right?
I keep meaning
to update that.
Ms. Lee:
In any case.
I look forward to seeing
your finished work here.
You and me both.
I apologize. I have
another meeting to get to.
Do you need
parking validated?
I can get my assistant
to help with that.
No. thanks.
I biked here.
Okay.
Thanks again. Mr. Beckett.
All right.
(playful music)
Okay.
Are you gonna be
okay with all that?
Yes. thank you.
Okay.
I'll meet you in there?
This is gonna be good!
(upbeat music)
♪
Zoe:
Hi. um. could you hold
that for a second?
Oh!
(groans)
Beckett!
Oh. are you okay?
Yeah.
I asked you to
hold the door open.
and you didn't and I dropped
this and ruined these.
I'm sorry.
I'm not usually
such a space cadet.
Well. earbuds.
Guess these really
are noise-cancelling.
It's okay. I'm sure
you didn't mean to.
(playful music)
Here you go.
Thanks.
Hey. could I offer
you a caladium?
A what?
It's a plant.
But in this case.
a token of apology.
It's really okay.
I'm not much of
a plant person.
What. why?
Well. person I just met.
I work a lot
so I'm not home
enough to water them.
Ah. you're a workaholic.
I'm not a workaholic.
Oh. I-I didn't mean
anything by that.
Well. I'm gonna be
late for my meeting.
All right. go get 'em.
(playful music)
(gentle music)
♪
(Jillian gasps)
There you are.
what took so long?
Parking.
Ah. what happened to
the pitch sheets?
All the key info
was on there.
Not to worry.
my dear Jill.
One of the benefits of
living in the digital age
is we can always email
it after the meeting.
Oh. (laughs)
Which we should get to.
-
Yes.
(upbeat music)
♪
Ready?
Ready.
(tense music)
It's great to finally meet
the creators of DigiLove.
Please. sit.
Zoe:
Thank you so much for making
the time to meet with us.
We appreciate how busy
your schedule is.
Pleasure's all mine.
So. your app predicts
relationship compatibility. yes?
Zoe:
That's correct.
On a percentage scale.
Ms. Lee:
Right.
I had my assistant
download the beta version.
Your questionnaire
is much more lengthy
than the average
dating app.
And that's just step one.
After our users complete
the questionnaire.
our behaviour analyst
team contacts them
for a video interview.
Most other dating apps
on the market
have ten or so
key questions.
How do you know people
will stick around
to complete their profile in
an age when everyone's so busy?
People who really want
to find love make the time.
At least that's what
our research has shown.
Our test users. which makes
up just over 4.000 profiles.
have shown us great
results so far.
Mhm.
We have a pitch sheet with
all the nitty gritty details.
I'll email that to you.
Great.
So what else do
I need to know
about the profile
building process?
Um. our research team
also collects any other data
they can find online
about each user.
Zoe:
We want to be as
comprehensive as possible
to make sure that we get
the most accurate match.
What kind of info?
Mostly social media.
We want to see how the
user presents themselves.
and how they act candidly.
So you're building profiles
and you're matching people
based on compatible
personalities.
Correct.
-Yeah.
Okay.
So hypothetically speaking.
user completes their profile.
you analyze their info.
then what?
Then we can break down
their personality type.
How many personality
types are there?
Twenty-six.
We've modelled our
system loosely
around other
personality tests.
but we ask our
own questions.
It's pretty standard.
But what about chemistry?
How can you predict that
certain je-ne-sais-quoi?
Chemistry prediction is
actually our specialty.
It's what separates us
from other dating apps.
We would never match people
who are exactly alike.
there'd be no spark.
I'll be honest.
your app sounds intriguing.
(suspenseful music)
What kind of pizza
do you like?
What's that got to
do with anything?
Jillian:
The questions
may seem random
but they're very telling.
Anchovies and feta.
Zoe:
And how would you
describe yourself?
Logical or emotional?
Logical.
You're on vacation.
Do you have a rough
list of ideas
or do you have every
detail planned?
Depends on the trip.
Zoe:
You look forward to
coming into work most days.
true or false?
True.
Zoe:
You believe in fate
or coincidence?
Coincidence. no question.
Me too.
Jillian:
Okay. so she's most
likely a Class D.
but we'd have to do a litte
bit more digging to make s.
Ms. Lee:
What does that mean.
class D?
Zoe:
You spend the bulk of
your time at work.
but you're not afraid
to let your hair down.
You're all business
from nine to seven.
but when you leave.
you're actually
pretty easy going.
Yes. but I-
Zoe:
You like to spend
your free time
watching classical
romance movies.
going bowling or fly fishing.
depending on the weather.
Like I said earlier.
part of our profiles are
built by asking questions.
and the other part is
through online research.
(playful music)
Zoe:
We have several
suitable candidates.
should you be interested
in setting up a profile.
It's impressive. indeed.
I'll tell you what.
If you can prove to me that
at least one of your couples
is as successful
offscreen as it is on.
I'll invest.
Let's say 90%
compatibility or higher.
Sound fair?
I'll give you thirty days.
I leave for Shanghai
next month.
Um. how do we prove that a
relationship is successful?
Bring the happy couple
in for a quick meeting.
That's all you need to
prove the app works?
Ms. Jones. love is
like a good movie:
I know it when I see it.
See you in thirty days.
(playful music)
Leo:
What if we hired a
couple actors. huh?
What. you got a better idea?
Jillian:
(scoffs) To pretend
they're in love?
Ms. Lee's a smart woman.
she'll see right
through that.
Leo:
Yeah. you're right.
you're right.
What if we hired a couple
that's already in love?
I mean. if we try to
track an external user.
they'll just tell us
what we want to hear.
Zoe:
Exactly.
If we want to accurately
track relationship progress.
we need an honest report.
What did you have
in mind. exactly?
I think we should all
sign up for an account.
See who gets the
highest match.
Um. aren't there only
like a few thousand profiles
to match with from
our test users?
I mean. how is one of us
supposed to match with someone
at 90% or more?
Zoe:
Four thousand. two hundredd
twenty-two profiles. actua.
And I know it's not a lot.
but I'm up for the challenge.
Look. we all know
this app works.
Now it's time for
us to prove it.
Ah. this is so exciting.
(laughing)
Okay. if anyone is
in a relationship
or you don't want to partake.
I completely understand.
But let me lead
by example here.
Sign up.
Okay. step one complete.
If you'll excuse me.
I'll be finishing the
rest of my profile.
(gentle music)
♪
Zoe:
Cats or dogs?
That one's easy.
(melancholy music)
♪
Jillian:
So you actually signed up?
I can't believe it!
What does that mean?
Zo. I love you.
but you haven't exactly had
a boyfriend or gone on a date
since. oh. I don't know.
since we started this
company together.
Has it been that long?
Almost two years.
Is it like riding a bike
or do I have to
relearn everything?
You've been so busy
trying to make sure
that everyone
else finds love
that you forgot
about yourself.
Well. my money's on you
getting matched up anyway.
Mm. maybe we'll both
find soulmates.
(laughs) Sure. maybe.
You ready to
call it a day?
Big week ahead.
(peaceful music)
♪
(phone chimes)
(keyboard clicks)
(gentle music)
♪
(exciting music)
Good morning. everyone.
(in unison) Good morning.
As I'm sure
you're all aware.
I matched with someone
last night at 98%.
Leo:
Yeah. we saw the numbers
first thing this morning.
and wow.
Zoe:
I'm surprised as anyone.
I mean. did you
see his profile?
Why. is he
not your type?
(playful music)
So I am so happy.
I mean. this is great
for the company.
but it's great
for you too.
Did anyone else match?
The only other high match
we got was Leo at 86%.
Leo:
All bets are
on you. boss.
No pressure.
am I right?
(laughs)
(Zoe sighs)
Hey. do you have a sec?
Always.
You were right. haven't
been on a date in a while.
(scoffs) Come. come.
Let's discuss.
Okay. what do I wear?
Oh. okay.
Has he messaged you saying
what he's going to wear?
Green shirt and khakis.
Ooh. semi-casual. okay.
And where are you meeting?
Some cafe he recommended.
Okay. okay.
So you want something fabulous.
but not too over the top.
(gasps) Oh. you should wear
that blue dress that you have.
No. it's-it's got like
polka dots and it's like.
(gasps) Yes!
I love that dress.
(sighs) Thank you!
Okay.
Are you nervous?
I know it sounds silly.
but yeah. a little.
Why?
Because of what Leo said?
Ugh. Leo has no filter.
What is our number one
rule at DigiLove?
One step at a time.
Just go for coffee
and see how it goes.
You're right.
You're so right.
This is why you're
my best friend.
Leo:
Hey boss. can I take
off early today?
I've been having
stomach troubles.
if you know what I mean.
Zoe:
Sure. of course. Leo.
Thank you so much.
All right.
Honestly. I'm due.
(playful music)
(sighs) No filter.
You got this.
No pressure.
No pressure at all.
One step at a time.
(playful music)
♪
(both laugh)
Uh. so you're Zoe.
And you're you.
Uh. I thought your
name was Beckett.
That's my last name.
Oliver Beckett.
And Zoe?
Williams.
Zoe Williams.
Well. just when I thought the
world couldn't get any smaller.
Oh. this is good.
It means I can finally
apologize and make it up to you.
since you wouldn't accept my
plant offering the other day.
Because you called
me a workaholic.
Oh. I did?
Doesn't sound like me.
All right. well now I
can. uh. get you a coffee
and then my
karma is reset.
Well. I can't say no to that.
now can I?
Can I get a latte please?
Oh. and an almond croissant.
Oh. and I will get. uh.
I'll get. uh. you know what.
surprise me.
Surprise you?
Yeah. I like
trying new things.
And what happens when you
don't like what he brings you?
I-I guess I'll know
for next time.
But I'm not picky.
You're very brave.
(Oliver laughs)
So how was your meeting in
Ms. Lee's office the other day?
It went really
well. actually.
despite the unusable
pitch sheets.
(inhales sharply) Right.
Again. sorry.
It's okay. Honestly I.
I think I pitched better
because I didn't have them.
You know. I had to
rely on myself.
So what were
you pitching?
I think I saw
on your profile
you're an app developer
or something?
Yeah.
Actually. I co-own DigiLove.
The-the-the one we're
here right now on?
The one and only.
Wow!
So you mean to tell me I
am on a date with the woman
behind the latest and
greatest matchmaking service.
(laughs) That's a
really nice rhyme.
(laughs) You know.
full disclosure.
I'm not usually a
dating app kind of guy.
You're not?
Okay. so what made you want
to get an account with us?
I was forced into it.
A friend of mine
was signing up.
and he didn't want
to do it alone.
And so. lo and behold.
here I am.
And has he matched
with anyone yet?
No. not yet.
But. you know. I think
he's looking forward
to more users. and-
Yeah. he and I both.
(laughs) I bet.
So can I ask.
creative gardener?
What does that mean. exactly?
Uh. it means I arrange
plants and flowers
in creative ways.
Okay. sounds mysterious.
Oh. very much so.
No. to be honest. there's no
real definition for what I do.
It kind of depends on
the plant or flower
that I'm working with.
Okay. what does that mean?
Oliver:
(laughs) Okay.
so for instance.
let's say I'm working
with red roses.
Then the piece is maybe gonna
be a bit more like romantic.
But if I'm working
with dahlias.
then the installation's
more dramatic.
Installation.
So you're an artist.
Yeah.
-
Okay.
It's just rather than
working with white canvas.
I'm working with dirt.
Are you the one that
designed that plant wall
in Ms. Lee's building?
Yeah.
Wow!
(stammers) It's not totally
finished. but yeah. that's me.
So how do you like
running your own company?
(sighs) I do.
Yeah. I-I do. yeah.
Why the hesitation?
It's. I love the
creative part of it.
but the business side.
not so much.
But. you know.
I'm not very good
when it comes to dates and
times and appointments and...
There's this app
on your phone.
It-it's called. uh.
the calendar app.
Ah. the calendar app
on my phone.
I always forget about that.
(Zoe laughs)
Oliver:
I'm more of a stop and
smell the roses kind of guy.
literally. and less of a.
like alphabetize my Rolodex.
Zoe:
Well. lucky for you.
organization is a
teachable skill.
You can learn it with a
little bit of practice.
You just train your brain.
you know?
Well. my company could
use a brain like yours.
Well. I can help you
with that if you want.
Really?
Yeah. of course.
why not?
And I can teach you how
to hold a door open too
while I'm at it.
Oh. wow.
Not gonna let me
live that down. huh?
(Zoe and Oliver laugh)
Oh. hey.
Thank you.
Oliver:
And what did I get?
Hey. green juice.
Nice. good so far.
And a Hawaiian pizza.
Let the universe decide.
and you win.
Do you see what happens
when you open yourself
up to surprises?
(playful music)
Huh.
Huh? What?
It's just funny.
'cause you and I.
we aren't really
alike at all.
It's funny that we
matched at 98%.
Is that uncommon?
Very.
We put a lot of research
into making sure
we get our compatibility
numbers right
and-and please don't
take this the wrong way.
but I think maybe something's
up with our algorithm.
Why. are people
usually more similar?
Ah. not in all ways. no.
But in key areas. yeah.
What are key areas?
You don't keep a calendar
and you're spontaneous.
Those are key areas.
What's wrong with
being spontaneous?
And you like
Hawaiian pizza.
What. it is delicious!
Mm.
Oliver:
Just-just. come on.
it is sweet and
salty and tangy.
Just give it a shot.
I'm good.
-Come on. just try it.
Why would I want to
put fruit on my pizza?
I'm not chopping up mangoes
and putting it in my spaghetti.
(Zoe and Oliver laugh)
All right. well what
kind of pizza do you like?
Cheese.
And?
Cheese. just.
just cheese pizza?
Cheese pizza.
You find just cheese
so delicious.
Yeah.
Wow. that is so boring.
Come on. you gotta
live a little!
You need to try a
really good cheese pizza.
because it is like
heaven on earth.
All right. you might be right.
We're pretty different.
(Zoe and Oliver laugh)
Is that a deal breaker. or?
Oliver:
No. you know what.
if I can be
completely honest.
this is good.
it's easy.
It's like. it's like
we're old friends.
Yeah. ditto.
So maybe
you could teach me
how to organize?
For sure. as friends.
Oliver:
Right. of course.
as-as friends.
And as your friend. I
feel like it is my duty
to convince you about
what you're missing
with delicious
Hawaiian pizza.
(sighs) You got your
work cut out for you.
So I-I could swing by your
office tomorrow if you're free?
That sounds great.
Let me just check
my schedule.
I can make 2:15
to 3:15 work.
That good for you?
Oh. uh. I don't know.
let me check my schedule.
Oh. yeah. no.
I'm good.
(Zoe laughs)
(gentle music)
Jillian:
Okay.
Morning!
You're here early.
Oh. yeah.
I couldn't sleep.
Ugh. been there.
So. how was your big date?
Should I start planning
wedding invitations now or?
(laughs) I think maybe we
need to look into the algorithm.
see if we missed something.
It went that badly. huh?
Mm. it's not that it
didn't go well. it's just...
What is it?
He likes Hawaiian pizza.
Say no more.
That's a deal breaker.
(laughs) No. it's
not about the pizza
it's about what the
pizza represents.
We're just so different.
Jillian:
Well. you know our app
accounts for that though. right?
We're not trying to match
couples with twin personalities.
I know. but I looked
into our classes
and he's a Class Y
and I'm a Class B.
We both know those are the
most incompatible classes.
Huh. that is weird.
Zoe:
Yeah.
And then I tried to do a
social media deep dive.
but he's virtually
non-existent online.
So what's your plan?
Zoe:
Gonna have to
do some digging
the old fashioned way.
Actually. he's
gonna come in later
so I can help him out
with his website.
So maybe I can figure
out why we matched.
So you're gonna spend
more time with him
because you don't think that
there's relationship potential.
Uh huh.
Well. I will ask Leo to
look into the algorithm
and I'll let you know
if we find anything.
But what is our Plan B
if your theory is right
and you and Oliver
aren't compatible?
Still working on it.
Okay.
(playful music)
(Zoe sighs)
Hey.
-Hey.
Sorry I'm late.
but hey.
I got you this to say
thanks for your help.
That was nice of you.
thank you.
What is it?
That's a chai latte.
Huh.
Never had one of
these before.
And how do you like it?
It's actually quite good.
(gentle music)
♪
Okay. the first and most
important tip I can give you.
be honest.
Be honest. okay.
Honesty is important
all the time.
but especially with
your online presence.
Your brand represents you.
So however you put
yourself out there.
make sure it's an accurate
reflection of who you are.
Okay.
Okay?
Your website is
out of date.
unintuitive and
frankly unappealing.
Ugh. don't hold back.
(laughs) But your
floral pieces are modern.
natural and beautiful.
You see the disconnect?
Point taken.
We'll need some
newer photos.
and I can help you
with that later.
but for now. let's just
focus on your "about" page.
"Established in 2014."
What's wrong with that?
I think we can make it
a little more personal.
For starters. why did
you start the company?
What inspired you?
My grandmother.
We used to garden
together all the time.
(gentle music)
And what do you
want people to feel
when they see your work?
Happiness. beauty.
What else?
-Uh. let's see. I dunno.
I guess inspired.
(peaceful music)
Oliver:
This is so great.
You were right.
But. uh. now I'm
gonna have to find
some other way
to thank you.
'cause a latte is feeling
a bit lacklustre.
Well. funny.
you should ask.
There is something I
would love your help with.
All right. shoot.
You know how we
both thought
that our 98% match
was a bit strange?
The team thinks that we
may have missed something
on your profile build.
All right. so
what do you need?
I was-I was wondering if
you and I hung out more.
then maybe I would be
able to put my finger
on what I wasn't able to
calculate or consider.
So are you asking me
to hang out more?
For science. yes.
Oh. well. if it's for science.
then I can do that.
And I think we should do
something that you love to do.
Okay. yeah.
Uh. I think I have an idea.
So we have a deal?
We have a deal.
(phone chimes)
music)
Jillian:
Wow. this is weird.
Yeah. really weird.
It doesn't make any sense.
The code all looks
perfect to me.
Told ya.
our code is crisp.
And you checked all
the sub-designs?
And all the variables.
Huh.
Well. thanks for
looking into it. Leo.
I appreciate it.
Yeah. no probs.
boss lady.
Class B's and Class Y's
are never compatible.
I'm still not convinced
we checked everything.
No. you're right.
it's weird.
And statistically unlikely.
Well. I'll look into
it again tonight
after I'm wrapped
up with Oliver.
Oh. yes.
How goes the research in the
romance department by the way?
It's going all right.
No discoveries yet though.
I'm sure you'll
figure it out.
I just hope I
can in time.
I'm just gonna
take this. okay.
(upbeat music)
Zoe:
All of that
sounds great.
But how can you ensure we
get organic engagement?
Right. okay.
Well. listen. I think
we're on the right track.
How about a follow-up
call next week?
Is Wednesday good for you?
Okay. perfect.
I've got to run.
but we'll chat then.
Hi.
Hey. so you all set?
Depends.
Where are we going?
Grab your coat.
(playful music)
(gentle music)
Zoe: Wow.
Oliver. it is so
beautiful in here.
My studio space
is close by.
so I spend a lot
of time here.
Just come to
admire the plants?
Yeah. you know.
get some inspiration.
It's so peaceful.
It's like a great place
to just meditate.
Meditate. huh?
And think of nothing?
That's the one.
(laughs) Never tried it.
Really?
-Yeah.
Here. here.
take a seat.
So the trick to meditation
is you want to try to
really be in the moment.
And how exactly
does one do that?
Well. much like organization.
it is a skill that
can be taught.
Why does that
sound so familiar?
Okay. what do we do?
All right.
close your eyes.
(Zoe sighs)
And focus on your breath.
It-it helps if you have. um.
a phrase to come back to.
Like a mantra?
Yeah. exactly.
Okay.
There's no rules
when picking one.
just whatever
works for you.
What about "I have to pick
up shampoo on the way home"?
Hmm. not bad
but maybe. uh. let's
keep brainstorming.
(laughs) Okay.
Oh. we have a motto at work.
"One step at a time."
Yeah. now that is perfect.
Yeah. when we were
building the company.
Jillian and me.
we were getting
so overwhelmed
with all the little
things that we had to do.
so we'd say to each other.
"One step at a time."
And then all those tasks
just seemed more manageable.
Did it help?
Definitely.
We still say it to each
other all the time.
Well. then I think
that'll work great.
Okay.
(Zoe sighs)
One step at a time.
(Oliver laughs)
(whispering) You're supposed
to say it in your head.
Mmhmm. mmhmm. right.
(Oliver laughs)
(Zoe sighs)
Am I supposed to be
like making lists
of all the things
that I have to do?
Yeah. that is totally normal.
Okay. okay.
But. you know. you just
come back to your mantra.
Whenever you find yourself
making a list of errands.
you just tell yourself.
"one step at a time."
Okay.
I promise. you do this
fifteen minutes every day.
you would not believe
how calm it makes you.
Well. it sounds
very relaxing.
but I don't really have
fifteen minutes to spare.
You will thank me later.
Okay. I'll think about it.
(peaceful music)
(gasps) Wow. this is so pretty!
What is this one?
That's called a cordyline.
It's beautiful.
So. how do you relax?
(peaceful music)
Well. I really enjoy
filing my taxes.
(laughs) You just don't
know how to turn it off. huh?
I wouldn't say that.
I just like to
get things done
so then I don't have to
worry about it later.
You don't like tax season?
Uh. no.
See. I am what they
call a normal person.
Ah. right. right.
(gasps) Wow. what
are these ones?
They're gorgeous!
Flamingo flower.
Huh.
So enlighten me.
what does a
"normal person" like?
I dunno. good food.
I love horror movies.
uh. sports.
Oh.
I used to play basketball
and soccer in high school.
Really?
-Yeah.
Hmm.
What?
You strike me as
more of an indoor kid.
Wow.
Well I guess I'm gonna have
to prove you wrong then.
I guess so.
(playful music)
Oliver:
So soccer and basketball?
Zoe:
Yeah. don't look
so surprised.
(muffled chatting)
(playful music)
What's that plant?
Oh. yeah.
Well that beautiful
one is a weed
that should have
been pulled out.
I'll let somebody know.
So I noticed you got a
hundred new followers
on social yesterday.
Oh. really?
Yeah.
I always forget to
check up on that stuff.
Did you get any
new clients yet?
No. not yet.
I wish. I could use some.
What are you doing
next weekend?
Let me check my schedule.
Look at you with
your schedule.
Yeah. and nothing yet.
Okay.
What would you think
about doing an exhibit
to showcase your art?
Yeah. I've done farmer's
markets and stuff.
but I always end
up losing money
'cause of the hosting costs.
(sighs) True.
It's hard to get
around that.
Yeah.
Unless...
Unless?
Unless you have a
really great friend
who's got a really great
space in her building.
It's gonna need some
surface touch-ups. but.
(sighs) I dunno. that
sounds like a lot of work.
Yeah.
Everything worth doing
is a lot of work.
No. I mean for you.
I don't want to put
that on your shoulders.
I would be so happy
to help. seriously.
Really?
Yeah.
I'll tell you what.
if you don't get at least ten
new clients at the exhibit.
I'll commission you myself.
(laughs) I can't
say no to that.
All right. but we're
gonna have to find a way
to promote DigiLove too.
you know.
like make sure DigiLove
posters are everywhere.
you know. cross-pollinate.
Well. well. well.
it looks like you do have some
business savvy after all.
Uh huh.
DigiLove presents:
Beckett's Botanical Designs.
Sign me up!
Hey. since you're the one
with all the good ideas.
why don't you pick the
activity for next time?
So you want to
hang out again?
Yeah. I'm as invested in
this experiment as you are.
Plus. I'm dying to see what
your version of fun is.
(laughs) All right.
Just promise me we won't
spend the night doing our taxes.
You like baseball?
Oh yeah. I love it.
You want to go to a game?
Actually. I had
something else in mind.
(peaceful music)
(gasps) Look at the fish!
er?
Zoe:
Correct.
Jillian:
For free?
Not for free.
More like for no money.
Hmm.
Wait. what did I say?
We're gonna be
promoting DigiLove
at an event where there
will be a lot of people.
Right.
Okay. well. it's
all cool by me.
But I must say that
Oliver is one lucky fella
to have you as a friend.
What do you mean?
Just very generous
with your time is all.
It's all good research
for the company.
Okay.
(phone chimes)
What is it?
I just matched
with someone else.
At 90%.
What?!
Oh wow.
(both laugh)
I can't believe it.
I think what you
mean is: yay!
(phone buzzes)
If this is a third match.
I swear.
It's Ms. Lee's office.
Zoe Williams speaking.
Ms. Lee:
Ms. Williams.
it's Ms. Lee.
How are things?
I wanted to check in
on your progress.
It's going really well.
We actually have a
couple of options
of who we might
bring in now.
Ms. Lee:
I'm looking forward to it.
Listen. I'm glad things
are going so well
because my trip to
Shanghai has moved up
and we might need to
reschedule our meeting.
Is everything okay?
Yes. I just have to travel
sooner than originally planned.
Are you available a
few days earlier?
Of course. we can
move the meeting up.
no problem.
Ms. Lee:
Great.
Truthfully. I'm sorry to
take time away from our deal.
but you seem confident in the
couples you have lined up.
We are very confident.
Ms. Lee:
Well I appreciate
your flexibility.
My assistant will
set something up.
Goodbye for now.
(Zoe laughs)
Well. I guess
it's a good thing
you just made
another match.
Mmhmm.
(upbeat music)
Dear Bachelor #2.
I'm 90% sure we're
going for coffee.
When's good for you?
I would never say that.
(Jillian laughs)
(sighs) But I guess I am
setting up another date?
What about Oliver?
Right. right.
you're just friends.
Zoe:
And it's my
duty as CEO
to give us our best
possible chance of success.
I have to explore
every option.
Okay. so what are you
gonna do for this date?
Candlelit dinner?
Horseback riding
in the park?
Well I guess if I
want comparable results.
I'm gonna have to go to
the same cafe. right?
Oh you're setting up a date.
not a scientific experiment.
Yeah but they have
really good pastries.
Oh. well.
now you're talking.
(upbeat music)
(phone chimes)
(Zoe laughs)
David:
Zoe? Hey.
Hi. it's great to meet you.
Likewise.
Hey. where'd you find
out about this cafe?
I walk by here every
day on my way to work
and I had no
idea it existed.
A friend brought
me here once.
Where do you work?
Oh. just south a couple
blocks on Commerce Way.
I'm a financial advisor.
I work in the big
green building.
So you're good
with numbers.
Hey. I'll take a latte and
an almond croissant. please.
I'll have the same.
Hmm.
That's kind of freaky.
It's my exact order.
Really?
-Yeah.
I guess that's what
makes us so compatible.
I guess so.
So what made you want to
get into financial advising?
It's just something
I've always been good at.
I figured it'd be the best
logical career choice for me.
That's sort of what I did
with my business partner.
We went to college together
and. uh. we had the same goals.
Mm. and where did
you go to college?
M.I.T.
(laughs) I went to Harvard.
Wow.
What a small world.
So small.
I'm sure we crossed
paths at some point.
Yeah. probably.
Hmm.
-
Huh.
So what do you like to
do in your free time?
Oh.
Honestly. I don't
have much free time.
I. I work long hours.
Same here.
David:
But as far as hobbies go.
I guess you could
say I love games.
What kind of games?
(laughs) Well. everything.
Um. board games.
video games. sports.
Doesn't matter.
I just. I love a
little competition.
And what about you?
Well. I guess that's
something we can add
to the list of things
we have in common.
Mm. this is incredible.
Mmm.
So. what about pizza?
You a fan?
Isn't everyone?
I know this great
little pizzeria.
They have the best cheese
slices you'll ever have.
Oh. yeah?
Look. this is a lot of fun.
and you seem really cool.
Plus. 90% compatibility.
Those are some good odds.
(playful music)
Mmhmm.
(upbeat music)
♪
Wow! You are really
good at this. huh?
(playful music)
Wow. look at you!
(laughs) Care to make
things interesting?
Depends.
What's at stake?
Mm. loser buys ice cream?
Ah. you are on.
(playful music)
Oh!
Oliver:
Just a little rusty.
(Zoe laughs)
(Oliver grunts)
That was really good form.
Thanks. coach.
Ah!
Oof!
All right. maybe
I'm a lot rusty.
Zoe:
Okay. it's not
really that fair.
I have a bit of
an advantage.
Oh yeah. what's that?
I come here once a week.
(bat cracks)
So basically. this is your
version of meditation then?
Yeah.
Isn't it so much better
than thinking about nothing?
(bat cracks)
Oh it's definitely better
than doing your taxes.
I'll say that.
Except for now I'm out
ten bucks for ice cream.
All right. all right.
Oh. no. no. no. no.
You already put me
to enough shame.
(Zoe laughs)
Well just be lucky that
I didn't go full throttle.
Really?
What does full throttle
Zoe look like?
You get all angry
like the Hulk?
(laughs) No. but there
is a victory dance.
Well that I gotta see.
I mean. come on.
you won.
Get dancing.
No. I do not know you
well enough for that yet.
You'll know I trust
you when you see it.
Well. I look forward
to that day.
All right. champ.
Let's get that ice cream.
So there's a lot
to choose from.
what are you gonna get?
Oh. I always get.
you know what?
Surprise me.
Wow. Zoe. you are
a changed woman.
(Zoe laughs)
I think it's okay to
take a risk on this.
Ice cream is
always delicious.
Fair enough.
Can I get. uh. one
honey pistachio
and one cayenne
chocolate please?
So are you excited
for the exhibit?
Yeah. very excited.
You should stop by my
office in a couple of days.
I'll show you the space
and we can make an
official game plan.
All right. yeah.
That sounds perfect.
And I'll help you
set everything up.
We both know that's
my specialty.
No. Zoe. you've already
done so much for me as it is.
I-I-I can't ask you to put
yourself out any further.
It's nothing. really.
(peaceful music)
Mm. Oliver. you
have to try this.
Honey and pistachio.
who knew?
Mm!
(laughs) I am never going
back to vanilla again.
(peaceful music)
So. what do you think?
Wow. I mean.
this space is perfect.
Yeah. we're so lucky.
I was thinking we can put
some of your work up here.
and then maybe hang
some from here.
Obviously we'll have
to do some tidying.
get some proper
overhead lighting.
and maybe even put a fresh
coat of paint on this wall.
Wow. you really are
the organization queen.
And we can set up some
refreshments here if you want.
Yeah. that is a
really good idea.
Hey. listen.
I know you're not much
of a plant person.
but I was thinking since you're
hosting an event like this.
it's time you learn
just some of the basics.
Hmm. okay.
So. you see anything
that. uh. you like?
Uh. that one's pretty.
This?
-Yeah.
This is a bromeliad.
He's pretty high maintenance.
You gotta make sure
the water is just right.
not too wet.
not too dry.
Sometimes you
got to mist it.
Right.
Do you have anything
that doesn't require
a daily check-in?
(both laugh)
Uh. yeah. I got
this one here.
This is an aloe.
You've probably seen
this one before.
So you gotta water
him once a week.
Sometimes every other week.
Sounds manageable.
Yeah.
He's kind of quirky.
Not your usual beauty.
I like him.
He'll fit nicely
with my fake plants.
So when you're
transplanting.
you want to make sure
you have enough soil.
but not so much that
it can't breathe.
Just enough that
it stands upright.
Pack it tight
but not too tight.
Got it.
-Yeah.
Want to give it a shot?
Okay.
Ooh. oops.
Oliver:
That's okay.
You know. sometimes part of
the fun is about getting messy.
So do you ever sketch
out your designs
ahead of time
before diving in?
Sometimes. but when
you're being creative
you don't always
want to plan.
You know. you just
do what feels right.
Well. everything is
coming together nicely.
What's left to
do on your end?
You know. a few
details like this
but other than that
the big thing is.
I gotta get my
keys for my studio
so I can bring all
the pieces over here.
You don't have your keys?
(laughs) No. no.
my ex has them.
Oh.
We started Beckett's
Botanicals together.
you know. she was
the administrator
and I was the artist.
Surprise. surprise.
(Zoe laughs)
What. uh. what happened?
(sighs) It's a long story.
But. uh. anyway.
I lost my keys and she
has the master set
so I'm gonna have to meet
up with her and get them.
Cool.
Well. I got to get going.
Lots of prep work to do.
-Oh.
But speaking of keys.
here. take those.
You can just. uh. lock
up when you're done.
Okay.
Oh. hey. hey. hey.
don't forget your aloe.
Right. thanks again.
-Here you go.
See you tomorrow.
(gentle music)
♪
(phone dialling)
Jillian:
Hello.
Hi.
Uh oh. what happened?
So I've been thinking.
You know the past
relationship portion
on our profile building?
What about it?
Zoe:
I think we need more
questions on the questionnaire.
And more in-depth discussions
for the interviews too.
(sighs) Why do I feel that
this isn't about our app?
(melancholy music)
I think Oliver and his
ex have unfinished history.
And you think
that's what's wrong
with our compatibility
prediction?
That we don't
get enough info
about people's
past relationships?
This whole time I've
been looking at it
like there's something
wrong with our algorithm
but maybe I've been coming
at it from the wrong angle.
What if we just don't get enough
information to start with?
Zo. you know better than
anyone how thorough we are.
(melancholy music)
♪
You're right.
I'm overreacting.
But-
-Here it comes.
Just in case I am right.
I'm gonna ask Leo to look
into one last thing for me.
Can I ask you something?
As your friend and not
your business partner?
Go on.
Do you really think there's
something wrong with the app.
or are you just trying
to find your way out
of something good?
I just want
to make sure.
You remember why we started
this business together. right?
I know.
But your ex is a jerk.
And just because you
trusted your heart once
and it backfired.
doesn't mean it's
gonna happen again.
That's all I'm saying.
as your friend.
Now. having said that.
you're the smartest
person I know.
So if you need to ask
Leo to do one last thing.
I think you should.
Thanks. Jill.
I'll keep you posted.
Okay. bye.
(sighs)
(upbeat music)
♪
(phone chimes)
(keyboard clicks)
(Zoe sighs)
Leo:
So we did some more
digging like you asked.
both into the algorithm and
question side of things.
And?
Leo:
And we came across-
You found something.
Leo:
Well. it's a
teensy-tiny.
like small.
small like a mouse.
like teensy.
super small.
basically nothing
to worry about.
super tiny coding error.
Leo. you're gonna have to
give it to me straight. please.
What'd you find?
The compatibility
numbers are off.
The numbers are off.
Yeah.
By how much?
Well. that's the thing.
we haven't figured
out by how much.
Oh.
Leo:
I'm sorry. I can't
believe we missed this.
It was right in
front of me.
Right.
Look. I promise I'm gonna
pour my soul into it. okay?
We're gonna figure out
what's wrong stat
so we can get some
answers. okay?
I know you're meeting with
Ms. Lee in a couple of days.
and we will not stop working
until we figure out what's up.
Okay? We're not
gonna stop working.
I see.
Leo:
You know. we're gonna
monitor the situation.
Yeah.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. yes.
Yeah. you're making
the same face I made
when I had my
stomach problems.
Yeah. yes.
Thank you. Leo.
for your hard work.
I really appreciate it.
Let me know when you figure
out what-what happened.
Absolutely.
(tense music)
Don't stop working.
?
(Zoe yells)
Jillian:
Oh. well. um. oh I guess-I
guess-guess I'm glad
that Leo found this coding error
before our meeting with Ms. Lee.
That would have been...
Disastrous? Yeah.
Jillian:
And you were right!
Ah! You were right.
your instincts were right!
So that's a-that's a victory.
isn't it?
Or were you kind of hoping
to be wrong in this case?
(sighs) No. no.
I'm glad we know now.
And what about
that guy David?
There's potential
there. right?
Zoe:
Oh. I don't know.
He's like super nice.
but I don't know.
it's almost like
we're too similar.
And that's bad because?
There wasn't any spark.
Okay.
(sighs) Uh. okay. not to be too
much of like a downer here.
but what are we gonna do about
this meeting with Ms. Lee?
(both yell)
Um. so (laughs) what are your
plans for the rest of today?
Well. I need to
keep my mind busy.
and I still have to set
everything up for the exhibit
so still lots
to do there.
Do you need a hand?
Yes. please.
Yes. let's do that.
(exciting music)
♪
Oliver:
Wow. this is incredible.
Did you do all this?
Hi.
Jillian helped.
Yeah. a little prep
goes a long way.
Yeah. but there's barely
anything left for me to do.
It's all so beautiful.
Zoe:
I'm glad you like it.
Hey. do you need help
with anything else?
I'm gonna get going.
Oh. where are you going?
Oh. I've got that
follow-up meeting
with Ms. Lee in
a couple days.
I have some files
to get prepped.
Has it been a
month already?
Three weeks. yeah.
Time flies.
Wow. You know. I-I forget
that you're not just a hero
saving my business but you
actually have a day job.
It's like you're
leading a double life.
(laughs) By day.
app developer.
By night. promoter of
botanical art businesses.
(Oliver laughs)
Speaking of businesses.
I see that you got a couple
thousand new followers.
organically.
Oh. no pun intended.
No. pun very much intended.
Yeah. so what do you think
that all means for tomorrow?
I think it means we're
gonna be very. very busy.
Look. I cannot thank
you enough for all of us.
Oh. it's nothing.
That's what
friends are for.
Oh!
(playful music)
You know what else
friends are for?
(Zoe gasps)
Oh. no. you didn't.
Hah!
Okay. okay.
Yeah. that's what I thought.
(Zoe gasps)
(playful music)
Oh. okay. okay!
The audacity!
Ah!
(laughing)
(playful music)
♪
(screaming)
(playful music)
Okay. make it!
Truce. truce. truce.
truce. truce. truce.
Zoe:
Okay.
(Zoe gasps and laughs)
(playful music)
(Oliver laughs)
♪
Oliver:
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
I surrender.
Fine.
Well that was fun
but now I'm soaked.
(both laugh)
Well here. I happen
to have a towel.
Here.
(romantic music)
♪
(phone vibrates)
(sighs) I-I gotta take this.
Oh that's okay.
I have to take
off anyway.
Um. see you tomorrow?
Yeah. definitely.
Hey.
Yeah. I got the keys.
thank you.
Are you still
coming tomorrow?
Yeah. I'm excited too.
It's gonna be great.
♪
Morning.
Oh. hey. morning.
Here. one sec.
For you.
Thanks.
(gentle jazz music)
What?
You look incredible.
Thanks.
Oliver. these are stunning.
I'd be shocked if
they don't all sell.
Ready to rock?
I am ready to roll.
Everything okay?
Yeah. never better. why?
I don't know. you
seem a little. uh.
eh. I'm sure it's nothing.
(gentle jazz music)
Where is everybody?
You did say 11 on all
your posts. right?
Yeah. yeah. and I.
I double-checked.
the signs are up outside.
Hey. welcome.
Come on in.
(upbeat jazz music)
♪
I think you're
gonna be very busy.
(upbeat jazz music)
It looks amazing!
Thank you so much
for swinging by.
You're the best.
Oh. I wouldn't miss it!
It looks incredible
in here.
Wow!
Hey. this must be
the famous Jillian
I've heard so much about.
And you must be Oliver.
It's great to put a
face to the name
of the person who's been
hogging my best friend.
(all laugh)
Hey. listen. I heard you
helped with this set up
and I can't thank
you enough.
Aw. well I would do
anything for Zoe.
Anything.
You know what.
I totally get it.
She's pretty great.
The very best.
Okay. guys. I'm right here.
(Jillian laughs)
(playful music)
Oh. welcome. welcome.
Can I interest
you in a glass?
Oh. I'm okay. thanks.
Would you like me to walk
you to the installation area?
Actually. is Oliver here?
Oh. the esteemed artiste.
So you know him?
I do.
Leo:
Oh. close friends?
Something like that.
We were partners.
Life or business?
(Shannon laughs)
Oh. sorry.
none of my beeswax.
I just kind of get nervous
around pretty women.
Oliver's right over there.
Thank you.
(playful music)
(chuckling)
(soft jazz music)
Hey.
Ah. so I-I-I'll
be right back.
But. look. Jillian.
help yourself to any of those
plants there as a thank you.
Oh. thank you.
Yeah.
He's nice.
Hey.
-Shannon.
Thank you so
much for coming.
I-I-I really appreciate
the support.
Oh. this is amazing. Oliver.
Great job.
Yeah. well. uh.
I had a lot of help.
(indistinct chatter)
Hey. did you give any thought
to our chat last night?
Signed. sealed
and delivered.
This means a lot.
Thank you for selling
it back to me.
Shannon:
Oh. please.
It was a long
time coming.
And besides. the business
was mostly yours anyway.
And I couldn't say
no to that price.
You were never one for
nature really. were ya?
No. I do like my
creature comforts.
(peaceful music)
So. when are you
gonna tell her?
Sorry?
That woman over there.
When are you gonna tell
her that you like her?
Oh. Zoe?
Oh. no. no. no.
we're just friends.
And I'm the Queen
of England.
No. no. she-she's great.
But like. we are
complete opposites.
So?
You know they say opposites
attract for a reason. right?
Yeah. but we agreed that we
would just remain friends.
Oliver. you get one life.
Tell her how you feel.
I mean. she put on this
whole event. right?
Maybe she feels
the same way.
And that's why you were
always the smarter one.
Again. like. thanks for
everything. Shannon.
Of course.
All right. I gotta
get back to it.
So take a look around and let
me know if you need anything.
I'll see you later.
-Yeah.
Wow. thank you so much.
Leo:
Good night. man.
Thanks again.
Leo:
Of course.
you nailed it.
Zoe:
Bye Leo.
So?
That exceeded my
wildest expectations.
You get ten new clients?
A little north of that.
How many?
Twenty-four.
Plus. I sold all
of these pieces.
Twenty-four new clients?
I guess I'm not gonna have
to commission you after all.
(laughs) Ah. you still could.
I wouldn't mind bumping
it up to twenty-five.
Plus. then give us an excuse
to hang out a little more.
(coughs) Look. I wasn't
gonna say anything
but someone very wise
and very beautiful
once told me that being
honest is crucial.
I like you a lot.
Oliver-
I know. we're
really different.
but I think that's what
makes this so interesting.
And I know that we said we
were just gonna remain friends.
but the more time
we spend together.
the more I'm starting to
think your app is right.
(gentle music)
Well. in the
interest of honesty.
there's something that
I should tell you.
We confirmed that the
numbers are wrong
for compatibility prediction.
Wrong how?
We're not sure yet.
Leo's looking into it.
I don't know if maybe we
needed to be more comprehensive
with our relationship
history questions.
or if it was
something else but...
This isn't about my
ex Shannon. is it?
Because believe me when I
say that is completely over.
She just came to be
supportive today.
Honestly. it's not
about that. no.
At first I thought
maybe it was but.
(sighs) does it
really matter?
Numbers are off.
I can live with that.
Oliver. you're a great
guy and a great friend.
But I trust the numbers.
Always have.
More than you trust
your own heart?
My head and my heart
trust the numbers.
So what are you saying.
you just don't like me?
I do like you.
As more than a friend?
(melancholy music)
I just don't even think
you believe that.
I'm really sorry if
I hurt your feelings.
Zoe. I know it's really
hard to be vulnerable.
but I like you and no
algorithm or-or number
is gonna change that.
I don't know what
to tell you.
I'm really sorry.
(melancholy music)
♪
(knocking on door)
How you doing?
Not great. to be honest.
Jillian:
I got a croissant for you.
Is this thing
actually real?
Yeah. you want it?
(laughs) Have you
seen my thumbs?
No trace of
green anywhere.
Me neither. and now it just
makes me sad looking at it.
Thanks. I'm not hungry.
I'll eat it later.
You want to talk about it?
I can't believe
DigiLove failed.
I can't believe I failed.
And now things with
Oliver and I are
(sighs) definitely done.
Hey. look at me.
You didn't fail.
You took a risk.
And in the last few weeks
I have seen you grow more
than I have ever seen
you grow before.
I'm so proud of you.
Now. what are we gonna do
about this meeting tomorrow?
Well we're just going
to have to go in
and tell Ms. Lee the truth.
Our compatibility
numbers are off.
We may never have a
chance like this again. Zo-
I know. but we can't lie.
And we don't have
another couple lined up.
Well. I had an idea.
Now keep in mind.
these are desperate
circumstances.
If this is about Oliver-
Jillian:
It's not.
I was thinking.
what if we brought
Leo and his match in?
I know it's not quite 90%.
but 86 is pretty close.
And maybe Ms. Lee
would understand.
I thought about that.
but if our numbers are off.
then his numbers are off too.
I also thought about
that David guy. but-
Jillian:
Right.
Didn't you say that you
two were strangely alike?
Like he was like your
male equivalent?
Yeah. we're like
basically the same person.
Huh.
What?
Well. hear me out.
Do you think
there's a chance
that your compatibility with
David could actually be higher?
What if you reached out to him
and just took the temperature.
now that Oliver's
out of the picture?
(Zoe sighs)
Look. obviously there's
no pressure either way.
I'm just brainstorming here.
(melancholy music)
I don't know.
(sighs) Might be
worth a shot.
I'll think about it.
(sighs)
For DigiLove.
Come here.
(gentle instrumental)
(upbeat music)
What even is the big
deal about a croissant?
It's just flour and water.
Ooh. almond in there.
Chocolate.
Maybe I should call Zoe.
tell her she was right.
you know.
about croissants.
One step at a time.
Man. I'd really
love a croissant!
Okay.
One step at a time.
(phone chimes)
(keyboard clicks)
(upbeat music)
Zoe:
Sorry I didn't
message you earlier.
Work's been really busy.
No. it's all good.
My mom used to say "if you
want something in life.
"be ready to
fight for it."
She sounds like
a smart woman.
Where do you think
I got it from?
So the cheese
is good here?
Oh. the best.
Two cheese slices please.
Actually. can I
try the Hawaiian?
Pineapple on pizza?
Mmhmm.
-Oh.
Never was a fan of that.
Me neither. really.
(upbeat music)
David:
And I said to him
he would never get a
deal like this again
and he signed the contract
right on the spot.
Speaking of contracts.
how's work going for you?
It's going okay.
We recently found out
that there's a problem
with our
compatibility numbers.
but we're working on it.
And that's why the app
hasn't gone fully public yet.
Just some bugs
to work out.
Thank you.
-
Awesome.
That's so funny.
I actually matched with
someone else at 83%.
but I thought to myself:
"go with the odds."
I would do the same.
(playful music)
♪
I don't know why
I ordered this.
I don't like
Hawaiian pizza.
David:
I told you.
shoulda gone
with cheese.
Cheese is safe.
Cheese is good.
What time is it?
12:13.
I'm so sorry.
I have to go.
(exciting music)
Well. um. is-is
everything all right?
Better than all right.
I just had an epiphany.
David. thank you
for everything.
but I don't think this
is gonna work out
because you're right:
cheese is safe.
Huh?
You should link up
with your 83% match.
Who knows what
could happen?
You might even order
fruit on your pizza!
xciti)
Jill!
Hey. how'd it go with David?
Are you almost here?
Change of plans.
Can you stall the
meeting with Ms. Lee?
Uh. I-I can try.
Um. how long are
you gonna be?
A couple of minutes past.
no more than five.
(sighs) I will
do what I can.
Ah. you're a lifesaver!
Seriously. I'm taking you
out for ice cream later.
Yes. you are.
(loud exhale)
(dramatic music)
(muted indistinct chatter)
(dramatic music swells)
♪
Zoe?
(Zoe pants)
What are you doing here?
I had to come see you.
How did you even
know I was here?
Well. that's the funny
thing about social media.
When you tag your location.
your followers can
tell where you are.
Probably shouldn't have
skipped the safety chapter
when I taught you
how to use it.
Oh. right.
I have to tell you
something important.
Okay.
I ordered Hawaiian pizza.
You came all the way
here to tell me that?
Jillian:
And those are the Latin
roots of the word algorithm.
(laughs) It's fascinating.
Thank you for the context.
Ms. Jones.
Oh. please.
call me Jillian.
Right. Jillian.
But is your CEO planning
to join us today?
Yes. she is on her way.
She will be here
any minute.
Ms. Lee:
I don't tolerate tardiness.
Where is she?
(sighs) Well. um. the truth
is she's running late
because she had
something very important
to do on her way here.
More important
than this meeting?
No. it's not that exactly-
Ms. Lee:
Then we'll have
to reschedule.
I may have moved
our meeting up
but you should have told
me you weren't ready.
We could have met after
my return from Shanghai
instead of wasting
each other's time.
Okay. I'm gonna just.
I'm gonna.
I'm gonna just try
her one more time.
I'm sure that her
approach is imminent.
(keyboard clicks)
I came here to tell you
that I'm the kind of person
that orders vanilla ice cream
and cheese pizza.
so meeting you has really
shaken things up for me.
And the real reason I wanted
to spend so much time with you
wasn't to research why
the numbers were wrong.
It's because I was having
so much fun with you.
And I don't care about
the numbers anymore.
I want to be with you.
(romantic music)
So you're the
happy couple.
Ms. Lee. I'm so
sorry I'm late.
I told your colleague I
don't tolerate tardiness.
unless there's a
really good reason.
Care to explain?
Jillian: Ms. Lee!
(pants) Ms. Lee. Ms. Lee.
I geo-tracked Zoe
and she should be.
oh. hi Zoe. everyone.
I can give you the
full picture if you want.
I think you should at
this point. don't you?
The truth is.
Oliver and I
matched at 98%.
but we're very different.
We're polar opposites.
really. but hi. Ms. Lee.
Zoe:
And a couple
of weeks ago.
while we were getting
to know each other-
(phone chimes)
Zoe:
We realized that there was a
very small error in our coding.
Our compatibility
numbers are off.
Your numbers are off?
By how much?
Zoe:
Well that's the thing-
Jillian:
We. uh. only very
recently discovered
that our code has been
rounding down instead of up.
So the percentages are
decimally off. if at all.
Jill. what are you?
What does that mean?
You two aren't
98% compatible.
You're 99% compatible.
(exciting music)
Ms. Lee. I apologize.
but the real
reason I was late
was because we had
a falling out.
and I had to fix things
with Oliver first.
Ms. Lee:
Ms. Williams.
you mean to tell me
you prioritized a
romantic relationship
above my investment?
Congratulations. DigiLove.
You've got an investor.
(in unison) What?
I know.
You were late.
your pitch was messy
and I'm fairly certain
you didn't know
about the coding error
until moments ago.
But I also have eyes.
And I asked that you
bring me a couple
to prove your app works.
And clearly it does.
Like I said.
I know love
when I see it.
(laughs) Thank you. Ms. Lee.
you won't regret this.
My assistant will
send over the papers
for signing while
I'm in Shanghai.
By the time I get back.
I want your app ready
for public launch.
Of course.
Ms. Lee:
Now if you'll excuse me.
I have a plane to catch.
See you in a
couple months.
All right. is it finally
time for the victory dance?
It is finally time for
the victory dance.
(Jillian imitates drum solo)
(exciting music)
(muffled indistinct chatter)
Leo:
You're gonna
build an empire.
I promise you.
Jillian:
Wanna hear something fun?
Zoe:
Always.
"So Some Dating
Apps Do Work:
How the DigiLove App Can
Change Your Love Life."
Who knew journalists changed
their minds occasionally?
(all laugh)
We did it.
-
Mmhmm.
Leo:
Um. team. we got an
update on our numbers.
and we just surpassed our
subscriber goal for this month.
What?
(cheering)
Yes!
(all laugh)
Leo:
So cheers. everyone.
I have just a small toast
I want to make. um.
if that's okay.
Firstly. I know I
don't work here.
but I've seen how hard
you've all been working
for the past
year and I'd say
congratulations are
definitely in order.
Aw! Thank you.
-Hear. hear.
Yeah.
And. uh. secondly. Zoe.
this app is what brought us
together in the first place.
And this space is
where I realized
that I had
feelings for you.
and where I realized
that you're the one.
(romantic music)
Zoe. I love you.
And I want to spend
the rest of my life
being spontaneous with you
and disagreeing about
pizza toppings.
(Zoe laughs)
(Zoe gasps)
Will you marry me?
(romantic music)
(laughs) Yes!
(all cheer and applaud)
(dramatic music)
♪